Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_WideAndDeep_Family_Models.md

# Converting TensorFlow Wide and Deep Family Models {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_WideAndDeep_Family_Models}

The Wide and Deep models is a combination of wide and deep parts for memorization and generalization of object features respectively.
These models can contain different types of object features such as numerical, categorical, sparse and sequential features. These feature types are specified
through Tensorflow tf.feature_column API. Table below presents what feature types are supported by the OpenVINO toolkit.

| numeric | (weighted) categorical | categorical with hash | bucketized | sequential | crossed |
|:-------:|:----------------------:|:---------------------:|:----------:|:----------:|:-------:|
| yes     | yes                    | no                    | yes        | yes        | no      |

> > **NOTE**: The categorical with hash and crossed features are currently unsupported since the OpenVINO toolkit does not support tensors of *`string`* type and operations with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The categorical with hash and crossed features are currently unsupported since OpenVINO does not cover tensors of the `string` type and operations with them.
```

> > **NOTE**: The categorical with hash and crossed features are currently unsupported since the OpenVINO&trade; toolkit does not support tensors of *`string`* type and operations with them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The categorical with hash and crossed features are currently unsupported since the OpenVINO toolkit does not support tensors of *`string`* type and operations with them.
```

  return wide_columns, deep_columns
```

> After that, start training by the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, start training with the following command:
```

--output head/predictions/probabilities
```

The model contains operations unsupported by the OpenVINO&trade; toolkit such as *`IteratorGetNext`* and *`LookupTableFindV2`*, so the Model Optimizer must prune these nodes.
The pruning is specified through *`--input`* option. The prunings for *`IteratorGetNext:*`* nodes correspond to numeric features.
The pruning for each categorical feature consists of three prunings for the following nodes: *`*/to_sparse_input/indices:0`*, *`*/hash_table_Lookup/LookupTableFindV2:0`*, and *`*/to_sparse_input/dense_shape:0`*.

> The above command line generates the IR for a batch of two objects, with total number of actual categorical feature values equal to 10 and maximum size of sparse categorical feature for one object equal to 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command line generates an OpenVINO model for a batch of two objects, with the total number of actual categorical feature values equal to 10 and maximum size of a sparse categorical feature for one object equal to 50.
```
